of course here trimaran this of course
they're sprint 750 mark to still made in
Vietnam well they know how to make boats
to guess they sell them here is that
right yeah personally how many trips
have you made sir
are you comfortable over there what's
about whether the top speed what do you
think it's top speed in this over 20
knots that would be with the sails up
not under power is that correct okay I
just wanted to take that point let's
make sure we've always looked at these
admired I'm oh of course I have a
monohull and that's the way it is I
guess it was ever since that movie
Waterworld piqued my interest in
trimarans and I haven't lost it since
and I have looked at the Corsairs before
these two fold right up and our trailer
bow which is a real nice feature for
them I'm certain can you put hydrofoils
I want to get it out of the water
has it been not designed okay now you
want to push 50 60 knots
playing oh right and actually complete
that's pretty good
but then off the winners playing that's
nice
more sail 40% more buoyancy forward
looks great what equipped as it is here
what's the cost
boat motor trailer jib everything 69 69
very nice thank you very much take care
of Steve Yuto
here's that Corsair 750 mark 2 from the
rear